introducing the work cooling system
tester an easy-to-use tool for testing
cooling systems including cooling
circuits testing of radiators cylinder
head gaskets and even water pump
failures
the inflatable ceiling bellows enabled
testing of a wide range of cooling
system easily fitting on radiator necks
through twenty to forty eight
millimeters as well as expansion tanks
bayonets or even screw caps start we
don't screw in the cap of your cows
cooling system the word cooling system
tester includes assorted adapters one of
which sure to fit on your car squeezes
the depth of the ceiling bellows can be
adjusted by screwing the thick black
adjusting wheel by screwing the four
black wheel the securing clamps can be
adjusted very easily this enables the
tool to fit perfectly on the system
provides a high level of security the
sealing bellows have to be inserted into
the radiator neck and the pressure valve
has to be closed to the drain hoses
fitted to is plate the bellows easily
push the system to bladder
pump until the arrow reaches the yellow
area the system is now closed the
maximum pressure of the bellows to seal
the system is 1.7 bar when pushing the
belt from bladder to system it works
with a whole system and through setting
the test pressure you can see if the
cooling system loses any pressure if the
pressure drops by more than 0.2 bar
within 10 minutes this indicates that
the system leaks at some particular
place to spot the broken part of your
cooling system try the work inspection
tool set with different tools such as
magnetic lifters an LED pen light and
telescopic mirrors this set allows you
to find the Lincoln Park easily after
depressurizing the cooling system as
well as the ceiling bellows the work
cooling system tester allows you to even
test pressure ability of the cooling
systems cap but tool comes with several
adapters to ensure that it can be used
for testing of nearly every cooling
system or cap just connect the cap with
one of the adapters seal the system by
inflating the bellows and pressurizing
after the testing is complete remove the
cap from the tester and put it back on
your cooling system that's it easy as
that
the work cooling system tester
consisting of a high quality pressure
pump spare sealing bellows vi cap
adapters 3 securing rings in addition to
a comprehensive operating menu
altogether in a resistance dirty case
with many different adapters the work
cooling system tester can be used with a
wide range of cars as well as light and
heavy commercial
and even motorcycle and marina the work
cooling system tester the all-round
radiator pressure tester